the aftermath of a tick tock
making a tick tock at least for me takes
a pretty low level of discipline but
making a youtube video
it's the hardest thing in the world
sometimes but anyway let's get on the
roof it's easier to talk up there
[Music]
why is it easier to talk on the roof
i don't know i feel like i can gather my
thoughts here sometimes sometimes if i
need to relax or chill
i just hide on the roof nobody follows
me up here
[Music]
i came up here to talk about
motivation what motivates you
what motivates me what motivates anybody
really
and i i was thinking about this today
but motivation
is really just a feeling sometimes
you're happy sometimes you're sad
sometimes you're motivated and sometimes
you're not so
why am i filming this video
because i must confess
i wasn't motivated to make this video
there's a difference between
motivation and drive for tick tock
there's a low barrier to entry it's just
a video any anywhere between 15 to 60
seconds it's got to be either funny
witty or
informative and as long as it's quality
content it'll do well but on youtube
well that's unknown waters i've never
gone to youtube before so here we are
[Music]
so
what makes somebody driven i think what
makes somebody driven
is doing something despite not wanting
to do it
you know it's going to produce something
good and so you do it anyway
even though you don't want to do it
and that's what i aspire to be driven
so thank you to all you wonderful people
who have supported me amazingly on tick
tock
and for supporting me here so
i plan on being the most driven person
there is and i want to bring you guys
quality content
youtube tick tock instagram wherever
so if you have suggestions leave it in
the comments
if you're not subscribed go ahead and
subscribe
glad to see you join the flexi gang and
um
i'll talk to you soon